inheritance, composition(mixins), currying, reflect, closures, coalescing, lexical-scope,debouncing,throttling

1) What is a function?
    Function is a set of statements that perform a task based on it's statements.it takes some input
    as parameter and return an output where there is some relation between the input and the output.

2) What is object?
    Object is a collection of properties that in the form of key and value pairs.
    Object can store value as an function,object,array and any datatype.

3) What is Prototype?
    Every object in javascript has a built-in properties which is called prototype.
    Prototype is itself an object so prototype would have it's own prototype which is known as a
    prototype chain. 
    The chain ends when we reach a prototype that has null for it's own prototype.

    Array.__proto__ == return something like native code
    Array.prototype == return something like array
    Array.prototype.__proto__ == return something like object 
    Array.prototype.__proto__.__proto__ == return null


    Object.__proto__ == return something like native code
    Object.prototype ==return something like object
    Object.prototype.__proto__ ==return null

    Function.__proto__, Function.prototype  == return something like native code
    Function.__proto__.__proto__  == return something like object
    Function.__proto__.__proto__.__proto__  == return null

4) What is Polyfill?
    A polyfill is a piece of code (usually JavaScript on the Web) used to 
    provide modern functionality on older browsers that do not natively support it.

5) What is debouncing?
    The debounce method do not run when invoked instead they wait a predetermined period of time until
    executing. when we call the same process again. the previous process is canceled. and the timer is reset.

6) What is throttling ?
    Throttling is a technique in which, doesn't matter how many times the user fires the event,
    the attached function will be executed once in a given time interval.



7) difference between throttling and debouncing ?
    Both used for optimizing performance of web app.

8) What is event propagation and delegation ?
    Capturing and bubbling and delegation.

9)What is coercion and conversion ?? 

"-" or "*" or "/" = converts string to number 
"+" = converts number to string

    conversion - When data type convert one to another by programmer it is known as conversion.

    coercion - when data type convert one to another by js itself it is known as coercion. 

What is variables?
    -Variable is like a container where we can store the data with any datatype.
    
    -variable name must be start with any alphabets or dollar signs($) or underScore(_))
    not other than its.

    -You should not use any of the JavaScript reserved keyword as variable name.

    -JavaScript variables are case sensitive,

    -there are two types of variable first one local and second one is global variable.
    
    Local -  A local variable will be visible only within a function where it is defined.
             Function parameters are always local to that function.

    global -  A global variable has global scope which means it is visible everywhere 
              in your JavaScript code.



What is primitive type and reference type ?
    primitive type - store the data in call stack memory
                    (string, number,boolean,bigint,symbol)

    reference type - store the data in heap memory.
                    (object,array,function etc)


What is primitive value primitive datatype?
    Primitive value - Primitive value is a value that has not any method and properties.

    Primitive datatype - Primitive datatype is a datatype that has a only primitive value.

What is Non-primitive value and non-primitive datatype?
    Non-primitive value - Non-primitive value is a value that has a methods or property.

    Non-primitive datatype - Non-primitive datatype is a datatype that has non-primitive value.

What is method and property?
    Method - Method is like a function that can use multiple time.
    Property - Property is contains key and value pairs.


What are the data types supported by JavaScript?
        The data types supported by JavaScript are:  
  
            1)primitive data types
                Primitive data is that data which has not any property and method
                    Undefined
                    Null
                    Boolean
                    String
                    Symbol
                    Number
        
            2)Non primitive

                Array
                Object

What is callback?
    Callback is a function which is immediate invoked after the it's parent function invoked. 

 What is the difference between Local storage & Session storage?

 
What is currying in JS?
    -currying is the technique of evaluating function with multiple arguments,
    into sequence of nesting function with single arguments.

    -when a function, instead of taking all arguments at once, takes the first one
     and returns a new function that takes  second one and returns a new function
     which takes the third one argument and so on until all arguments have
     been fulfilled. 


     when a function takes one arguments instead of taking all at once and 
     returns a new function that takes second one and returns a new function which 
     takes third one argument and so on until all arguments have been fulfilled.


What is composition in js?
    Function composition is an approach where the result of one function is passed 
    on to the next function, which is passed to another until the final function is 
    executed for the final result. 
    
    Function compositions can be composed of any number of functions.

    const compose = (...fns) => x => fns.reduce((y, f) => f(y), x);    



What is closures ?
    -closure is created automatically when we defined function.
    -A closure is a function having access to the parent scope.
    it preserve the data from outside

    -A closure is an inner function that has access to the outer
     function's variable.  
   
    -A closure is the combination of a function bundled together (enclosed)
     with references to its surrounding state (the lexical environment)


What is reflect?
    -Reflection is the ability of the program to manipulate variables, properties
     and methods of objects at run time. 

     -Reflect is a global object that provides some useful static method for reflection.

     -these methods can be divided into two categories.
        Introspection methods - which are non-destructive methods
        modification methods - which are destructive methods


what is coalescing?
    -The nullish coalescing operator (??) is a logical operator that
     returns its right-hand side operand when its left-hand side operand
     is null or undefined, and otherwise returns its left-hand side operand.


What is hoisting?
    -Hoisting is a by default behaviour of javascript which allowcats memory 
    of variable or function before executed.




What is difference between regular and arrow function
    
    "syntax"

    "this keyword" 

        In regular function, this keyword depends on how to invoke the function

            -if we invoke the function as a regular "Function()" then this keyword gets the value of window object.(Note:but in strict mode this keyword return undefined)

            -if we invoke the function like "Function.call() or Function.apply()" then this keyword gets the first argument as value of it and remainnig as a parameter.(Note:In apply method argument take must in array and in call method can be array or multiple arguments.  )

            -if we invoke the function inside the object then this keyword takes the value as a object.

            -if we invoke the function with new keyword then this keyword takes the instance as function.

        "this keyword" in arrow function 

            In arrow function this keyword takes the value from parent regular function. 

    "constructors"

        In regular function

            In regular function new keyword creates new instance of function (constructor like object)
        
        In arrow function
            In arrow function new keyword doesn't create instance of function.

    "Bydefault behaviour of arguments" (all arguments take without parameter)

        In regular function
            In regular function, arguments is a special key which is contain all arguments in array.

        In arrow function 
            In arrow function arguments is using as lexically means takes parent regular function's arguments.

    "Implicit return"

        In regular function 
            If return expression is not defined or missing in regular function then return "undefined"

        In arrow function
            In arrow function if only one expression without return then it takes that expression as return.  
            and if more than one expression then it is return undefined (if missing return)

    "No duplicate parameter name"
        
        In regular function
             we use the duplicate parameter name in strict mode then gives error for that but if doesn't use the strict mode then will not give the error.

        In arrow function
            In arrow function, duplicate parameter's name gives the error doesn't matter strict mode has used or not.

What is classes?

    constructor method
    prototype method
    static method
    super() method

    base class 
    derived class
    multilevel inheritance
    inheritance
    extends

    class expressions 
    class declarations



-- Object.prototype  is equal to object.__proto__ 

    











 

